What all the objects on screen are:
    Green circle: the player (you)
    Red bricks: walls
    White bricks: locked gates
    Red triangles: enemies
    Blue diamond: the goal
    Tiny yellow circles: bullets
    Orange triangles: terminals for enemies to work at

What their behavior is supposed to be:
    There are 3 enemies in a room, they will periodically send one of them out to patrol and work at a terminal.
    A patrolling enemy will move to the terminal, stay for a while, return and send the next patrol after a while.
    Enemies will stop moving and keep shooting you on sight with a cooldown, no matter they are patrolling or not.
    Enemies only have 120 degrees of FoV, so it is safe to approach from the sides.
    The player, the goal and enemies will be killed when hit by a bullet.
    Bullets will disappear if they hit anything, including another bullet.
    One random enemy will have a key (marked with a white circle). The gate will unlock when this enemy is killed.
    
What the player’s controls are:
    WASD to move.
    Hold down the left mouse button to aim.
    Release to shoot. Player's cooldown is the same as enemies.
    Scroll Wheel to scale the view.
    ESC to reload the scene.

How the player scores:
    +100 When the enemy with the key is killed.
    +300 When the goal is destroyed.
    -10  When an enemy without a key is killed - To slightly encourage the stealthy playstyle.
    -100 When the player is first seen by an enemy - The preliminary alarm system.
    -1 For each second past, capped at -120 (2 minutes). This score will only be deducted when the player wins or loses.

How the game ends:
    You win when the goal is destroyed. The scene will pause until you hit ESC.
    You lose when you are killed. The scene will pause until you hit ESC.

    Best case: you only kill the key enemy (+100) without triggering alarms and destroy the target (+300) ASAP.
        That will be close to 400 points.
    Worst case: you kill all non-key enemies (-20), trigger the alarm (-100), and get killed by the key enemy after 2min (-120).
        That will be -240 points.

Sound cues: shooting, scoring, the alarm, and player dying.
